Welcome back to Mrs Rundown, in today’s
video I am going to be recapping the events
of 10 Things I Hate About You, a 1999 Comedy/Romance
film.
Spoilers ahead!
You have been warned.
Now like the video and subscribe to the channel
if you enjoy this video.
Cameron James, the new kid at Padua High School,
is given a tour of the school by Michael Eckman,
who is an audio-visual geek and former leader
of a clique of future MBAs.
Michael provides Cameron with information
on the school’s various cliques.
During the tour, Cameron spots the beautiful
and popular Bianca Stratford and is immediately
smitten with her.
Michael warns that Bianca is shallow, conceited,
and worst of all, not allowed to date.
Michael does, however, inform Cameron that
Bianca is looking for a French tutor.
At the Stratford residence, Bianca’s outcast
older sister Kat receives a letter of acceptance
to Sarah Lawrence College.
Her protective father, Walter, is distraught
by the news, as he wants Kat to attend college
nearby.
Kat distracts her father by revealing that
Bianca was given a ride home from school by
Joey Donner.
Bianca begs her father to allow her to date,
but to no avail.
Kat's aversion to dating prompts the father
to come up with a new rule: Bianca can only
date if Kat is dating.
Cameron starts tutoring Bianca, and she informs
him of her father’s rule after Cameron makes
many failed attempts to ask her out.
This news motivates Cameron and Michael to
set out to find a boy who is willing to date
Kat.
Cameron suggests Patrick Verona, an outcast
who is just as ill-tempered as Kat.
Cameron tries asking Patrick for his assistance,
but Patrick scares him off.
Michael then poses the idea to Joey, also
attempting to date Bianca, to pay Patrick
to take Kat out.
Patrick agrees, but Kat, however, wants nothing
to do with Patrick.
Cameron and Michael finally explain their
situation to Patrick and inform him that Bogie
Lowenstein is throwing a party (this is actually
a plot by Michael to get revenge, as a rumor
from Bogie had got him kicked out of their
clique).
Cameron and Michael spread rumors around school
that Bogie's party will have free beer and
dancing, although it is actually a small private
gathering.
At the party, Kat tells Joey to stay away
from her sister.
Joey brags that he cannot guarantee she'll
stay away from him.
Kat gets upset and begins drinking, leading
her to dance drunkenly on a table.
Meanwhile, Cameron discovers that Bianca was
using him to find a date for Kat so that Bianca
could date Joey.
Cameron decides to stop trying to date Bianca,
but Patrick convinces him to go for it.
Bianca asks Cameron for a ride home after
discovering Joeys true character.
Cameron drops her off and tells her that he
really likes her and was very disappointed
in her.
At that point Bianca kisses Cameron.
Patrick brings Kat home, and she drunkenly
tries kissing Patrick.
He suggests they should do that some other
time, hurting Kats feelings.
The next day at school, Patrick publicly sings
Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You to Kat in front
of everyone asking her forgiveness, landing
him in detention.
Kat gets him out of detention by "flashing"
the soccer coach.
Kat and Patrick spend the day together, and
they both realize that they truly do like
each other.
Patrick, motivated by Joey's bribe of $300,
asks Kat to the prom.
However, she is suspicious of his motives
and they get into a fight.
Bianca tries to convince her father to let
her go to the prom, but he refuses, since
Kat isnt going.
Bianca confronts Kat.
Kat then reveals that she dated Joey and they
had sex, mostly because everyone else was
doing it.
However, when Kat told Joey that she wasn't
ready for sex and did not want to do it again,
he immediately broke up with her.
Even though she forbade Joey to tell anyone
of their one time together or else she would
tell all the cheerleaders how tiny he is,
Kat still felt immense rejection, thus spurring
her to not do anything ever again just because
everyone else was doing it and distanced herself
from her peers.
Bianca and Kat end up going to the prom with
Cameron and Patrick.
Joey is furious to learn that Bianca has gone
to prom with Cameron, and confronts Patrick
about the "arrangement" in front of Kat.
Kat blows up at Patrick and leaves.
Joey subsequently confronts Cameron about
manipulating the 'deal' for himself, but after
he punches Cameron, Bianca hits Joey three
times herself, leaving him curled up in pain
on the floor with a broken nose and a black
eye.
The next morning, Bianca thanks Kat for going
to prom and the sisters make up.
Kat's father allows her to go to Sarah Lawrence.
At school, Kat reads a poem which she wrote
for English class, titled "10 Things I Hate
About You" (written about Patrick).
While reading the poem, she reveals in front
of the entire class how hurt she was by what
Patrick did and how much she really cares
about him ("But mostly I hate the way I don't
hate you.
Not even close, not even a little bit, not
even at all").
Patrick is shown to be touched by her revelation.
In the parking lot, Kat finds a guitar Patrick
bought her with the money Joey paid him, and
he admits that he messed up their deal by
falling for her.
Kat forgives Patrick and the two kiss and
make up.
Thanks for watching!
Make sure to like the video if you enjoyed
it.
Subscribe to the channel if you want to see
more of these movie summaries.
It really helps the channel out.